Clarify NFS limitations, quota, and solutions (CRW-9475) (#2980)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/pages/configuring-storage.adoc

[id="configuring-storage"]
= Configuring storage

[IMPORTANT]

.Understanding supported storage protocols and requirements

====

> OpenShift Dev Spaces workspaces require storage with **volumeMode: FileSystem** because the development environment is designed to store project files, code, and configurations in a standard, hierarchical directory structure (such as /projects).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{prod} workspaces require storage with **volumeMode: FileSystem** because the development environment is designed to store project files, code, and configurations in a standard, hierarchical directory structure (such as /projects).
```
